>> Steve Kinney: So now, ideally,
what we should be able to do is,
we can do it, I guess we can do it on
the REST server or the TRPC server.
I actually think doing this in
TRPC is going to be easy and
there I just jinxed myself.
Sue will import the Prisma
>> Steve Kinney: From Prisma client, and
we've got that in place, and
with any luck, actually,
we don't want in this file, sorry.
Only for one second?
We want it in the context so I can pass
it in to all of those GRPC methods.
We'll do it here and
with any luck we should see stuff like
>> Steve Kinney: So not dissimilar from my
little task client here.
We can make a Prisma client.
If I was really fancy,
I would probably just call it tasks, but
we'll see, and hopefully.
>> Steve Kinney: You can see that it's got
task on it as a method that it knows about
About.
That's interesting.
>> Steve Kinney: And
if I go to task, look at this,
all the things that I might
ever want to possibly do.
Create, create many, create many and
return, so on and so forth, right?
Those are all things that I can now do.
For free, cuz all of the different
variations have been generated for me,
right?
So what I am able to do
at this point is we could
say,
>> Steve Kinney: I
was about to do something reckless.
I'm not going to, but
then I'm gonna Going to later.
Let's go ahead,
let's grab it here actually.
I could argue for either way.
We'll pass it into the context.
And then now instead of
the tasks coming in,
we can say, We'll just let my
arrow key go from the context.
And now we could return
prisma-task.findMany.
>> Steve Kinney: Swap it out.
And so the important part here is, there's
I don't have to do any Zod parsing.
I don't have to do anything, right?
It knows the schema of my database.
It generated a client for
me that did all of that already.
Right, and so here we've got return many.
I wonder if I just swap it in
without changing any code on
the client if it'll work.
I literally don't know, actually.
I'm not convinced it's going to.
>> Speaker 2: It's a different database,
so it shouldn't.
To get ready into one reading.
>> Steve Kinney: But
even if the API is that compliant?
>> Steve Kinney: Not totally,
but that part is also it's pro,
no, it's a promise or was it return.
>> Steve Kinney: It, It's interesting,
cuz it did not crash.
>> Speaker 2: You're writing to one
database file and reading from another.
>> Steve Kinney: That'll do it.
I should probably finish what I started.
Yeah, if I the whole thing,
will let me protect myself and
make it a different database
you can write to one.
So let's at least get the write,
read, cycle, go and how about that?
So here we'll pull that in
off the context as well,
and here we'll return and again.
The nice part is the squiggly
lines will guide me create.
>> Steve Kinney: And
again, no squiggly lines.
I'm feeling pretty good, right?
So we'll go ahead.
>> Steve Kinney: Hey, it works.
Obviously, edit and delete won't work, but
you can imagine not a lot I have to do.